as Margaret me said never believe that a
few caring people can't change the world
for indeed that's all who ever have at
the end of the day it's going to be up
to you if you want to make change it's
going to be up to you to gain the skills
that you're going to need in order to
see the shift in the world that you want
to see but if we're going to make change
the first thing that we have to realize
is our thinking is what's gotten us here
the way that you think about yourself
the way that you think about the world
is What's led you to the point that you
are right now and so that very thinking
becomes its own trap and as Einstein
said the world as we have created it is
a process of our thinking it cannot be
changed without changing our
thinking so the fundamental first step
is to actually change the process by
which you assess yourself and assess the
world until you can go in and do the
hard work of changing the way that you
approach the world of constructing an
entirely new frame of reference you're
not going to be able to have the effect
in the world that you want to have
you've got to be willing to put your
head down you've got to be willing to
grind you've got to be willing to go
through the process of changing it's not
enough to know that the mind is plastic
it's not enough to know that you can
shape yourself into anything that you
want you actually have to do the work
what awaits you on the other side of
that
realization is an understanding that
subtle shifts in your mind can Echo not
only through your life but through the
lives of many
others it's been said a pessimist sees
the difficulty in every
opportunity but an optimist sees the
opportunity in every difficulty that is
what happens when you shift your mindset
people think that it's some Grand thing
they think that at the end of the day
that changing your mind is about
learning ballroom dancing or coming
through fighting that's not what it's
about it's really about changing the
perspective from which you view the
world once you change your
perspective then everything about how
you approach the world changes because
most people hit an obstacle and they
stop because their frame of reference
tells them that that's the end of the
line but when your frame of reference is
to shift to step to the right to go over
something to go under it to
fundamentally alter the way that you
perceive the things that you encounter
then you can have a radical change in
the world because it's simply the people
who don't stop it's the people that have
a frame of reference that's EMP powering
it's the people that demand of
themselves that everything they do
marches them down a path once you can
see an opportunity where others see only
difficulty once you can see a Target
that other people don't even know exist
and once you can hit that
Target that's Vision that's how the
world gets changed that's how a small
group of people are able to change the
course of human
history because they took the time to
change their frame of reference make
that change and any other change becomes
possible
[Music]